---
subject: Conclusions | Chapter 12
subtitle:
short_title: Conclusions 
numbering: 
    enumerator: 12.%s
abbreviations:
  LF: Local Friendliness
  CHSH: Clauser, Horne, Shimony, Holt
  CGLMP: Collins, Gisin, Linden, Massar, Popescu
  SOS: Sums of Squares
---

# Conclusions

Having narrated each of our results in turn, it is time to circle back and summarise what has ultimately been discovered. Given the length this thesis has already reached, we will keep our conclusions as concise as possible, mentioning only those results which contribute to the central thread of the story.

First, we decomposed an LF inequality from @Bong2020 into a CHSH part and a novel part. We were then able to plot a graph in our new dual parameter space generated by the decomposition. From this graph we identified a new point of potential interest, which is local in the [(1,2),(1,2)] setting and the [(1,3),(1,3)] setting; we compared our new box with that which maximally violates the LF inequality and found it worthy of further exploration.

As a result of the geometric approach, we were also able to propose the first ever quantum LF inequality. We provided a proof that it is genuine by using the SOS technique to find an upper bound.

Finally, we used our knowledge of the decomposed structure of LF inequalities to construct a new LF inequality based on CGLMP rather than CHSH. We evaluated the quantum bound on our CGLMP-LF inequality and found the state which achieves this, proving that it is genuinely violable by quantum mechanics.

Overall we have obtained a much deeper understanding of what LF means.